and the thing that we didn't take into
consideration is when you add so many
new sdrs you you have to go further and
further away from the core Tam where
you've had success and zenefits could
serve any company in the United States
in terms of our ability to onboard and
serve them but there were Industries
segments
personas that had much lower conversion
rates and like much lower probability
for Success when we onboarded them and
when we added all of these new sdrs into
the mix not only were they less
effective than the more tenured existing
reps they actually made the existing
reps far less successful because we had
to tap into this Tam base that people
were less likely to convert and so if
you were in SDR previously it's inits
you were going after mostly tech
companies and like some companies On The
Fringe or whatever and then all of of a
sudden you're going after companies that
are not in San Francisco or New York
where you have some brand recognition
you're going after construction
companies in Mobile Alabama and the um
existing sdrs that had already been
successful weren't able to continue
being successful because of that
decision around continuing to scale and
so that's maybe just a story reinforcing
The Tam consideration that you
highlighted okay last thing let's talk
about on like the theme of scaling how
sdrs progress within the business you
started as an SDR let's talk a little
bit about what sdrs move on to within
companies how you think about that and
we'll end on that positive note yeah I'm
obviously super bullish on the SDR
function spent my whole career focused
on it and outside of all like the
amazing Revenue things that that it
drives there's also the career
progression within the business I look
back now and the top eight I've ever
worked with all started as sdrs most of
my managers I'd say 20 of my 30 today
were sdrs at ripling same thing with all
the previous companies I've worked at I
think making sure that you have some
sort of career path and leveling and
something set up for them to move
through the company is really important
I think every business should think
about sdrs as being like the Future
Leaders of of their company and so
that's one of the first things that I
did when I came to Rippling and was put
that in place because I like you said I
started as an SDR I know how how impact
it can be to continue to grow your
career staying whether they stay in the
SDR or if they move into account
Executives we've moved people into
marketing into recruiting into customer
success obviously into management